Add some info about AMD SNP (#25)
SUSE/release-notes: adoc/sles/version160.adoc

Important considerations:
* It supports IPv4 only.
* This is a simple script not intended for complex network scenarios; manual bridge setup is recommended for intricate configurations.

> * The script should be run locally (not remotly) immediately after post-installation and before any custom network configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The script should be run locally (not remotely) immediately after installation and before any custom network configurations.
```
